1. What happens to myeloma tumour development in vivo when TSPAN7 expression is upregulated?
2. What type of analysis was used to estimate the lost investment of domestically educated doctors migrating from sub-Saharan Africa?
3. What type of imaging was used to analyze single living cells in the study of ovarian cancer stem cells?
4. What happens to longevity, growth, and developmental rate in some organisms when they are maintained on a light/dark cycle?
5. What are the two principal subsets of blood monocytes with distinct migratory properties?
6. What happens to muscle mass in homozygous CuZnSOD-knockout mice?
7. What type of cancer has had a dramatic response to PD-1/PD-L1 blockade?
8. What was the daily dosage of sulfasalazine given to patients in the study?
9. At what ages were the male Wistar rats mated with 2.5-month-old females in the first experiment?
10. What type of bacteria account for the majority of cases of sepsis?
11. What is the aim of the study regarding all-trans retinaldehyde and collagen-induced arthritis?
12. What type of cells were used in the study of spindle orientation?
13. What percentage of the population in the area served by the 2 inner London teaching hospitals is of Afro-Caribbean origin?
14. What type of sequence is involved in the activation of the recombination hotspot ade6-M26?
15. What determines the proper level of cholesterol in a specific membrane?
16. What cellular functions are modulated by Notch signaling in tumorigenesis?
17. What frequency band is used to discriminate spoken sentences based on phase patterns in single-trial response waveforms?
18. What is the role of vitamin C in the reprogramming of somatic cells into induced pluripotent stem cells?
19. What type of study was conducted to determine risk factors for professional misconduct?
20. What is the origin of skeletal muscle in vertebrates?
21. What organism's cells were used to measure mRNA abundance and transcriptional activity?
22. What is the dose of 131I administered per gram of thyroid tissue retained at 24 hours?
23. What tissues were used for comparison in the study of antioxidant enzyme gene expression?
24. What factors are enriched at the borders of self-associating topological domains?
25. What type of antidepressants can cause sexual dysfunction in men?
26. What symptoms do patients with advanced pancreas cancer typically experience?
27. What substance induced a heat-shock response in Chironomus thummi salivary gland cells?
28. What type of zinc finger proteins are among the most abundant transcription factors found in eukaryotes?
29. What type of epilepsy is associated with a functional polymorphism in the prodynorphin gene promotor?
30. What years did the Swaziland National Tuberculosis Control Programme efforts take place?
31. What type of mice underwent the 90-minute trans procedure in the study?
32. What is the major pathway for ATP production in humans?
33. What type of rats were used as a model for type 2 diabetes in the study?
34. What is the name of the disorder in which sleep episodes are shifted to later times misaligned with the societal norm?
